[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Majin Buu saved Mr. Satan
from a lethal bullet wound.
But the ordeal
unleashed an anger
Buu could not control.
[BUU]
Take doggy and run far away!
Go now!
[NARRATOR] Incredibly,
this rage jettisoned
from the magical
creature's body,
then solidified into
an entirely different Buu:
the concentration
of all the evil inside him.
[yells]
[NARRATOR] Two Majin Buus:
one evil, one good.
The fight for
domination begins now.
♪ Opening Song ♪
[BUU growls, grunting]
[panting]
Ooh!
[BUU hollering]
[MR. SATAN] Come on, Majin Buu,
stop toying with him,
this guy's got nothing on you!
Show him what he gets
for messing with Majin Buu,
the world's second-best fighter!
Uh. They're both
Majin Buu though, huh.
That makes cheering
for him kinda tricky.
[BUU]
Buuu!
[grunts]
[EVIL BUU]
Hm?
[BUU cheers]
[EVIL BUU groans]
Way to go, Buu! You got him!
Take a bow then
finish him off for good!
[EVIL BUU grunts]
[BUU]
Huh?
[PICCOLO] The original Buu
doesn't stand a chance!
When they split off
into two manifestations,
the evil Buu took most
of their power to his side.
It's only a matter of time now.
[grunts]
[BUU groans]
--[MR. SATAN, BEE] Ngggh!
--[SMITTY gasps]
[BUU grunts]
[BUU grunts, whistles]
--[BUU] Buu!
--[EVIL BUU yells]
[BUU groans]
[EVIL BUU grunts]
[BUU yells]
[BOTH gasp]
Buu gonna turn you
into chocolate!
[growls]
[BUU]
Eeeh! Aaaaah!
[PICCOLO gasps]
[DENDE gasps]
[MR. SATAN gasps]
[EVIL BUU]
Mmm! Oooooh!
[yelling, groaning]
[MR. SATAN gasping]
I don't understand--
now he's another new guy?
Okay, this is getting
all kinds of peculiar.
--[SUPER BUU groans]
--[neck cracks]
[yawns]
[gasps]
[bellows]
[BOTH holler]
[yells]
Huh? What was that?
Is that Majin Buu?
[SUPER BUU bellows
in the distance]
[ELDER KA laughing]
[GOHAN]
That energy coming from Earth.
It's incredible!
What's happening there?
[laughing]
[BOTH holler]
No! How can this be?
[KRILLIN] Should I even ask
what that energy was?
Majin Buu has just transformed.
[gasps]
Thanks to a
lame brain Earthling,
he's now under the control of
the most evil parts of him.
And it seems
his body is even more
suited to combat as well.
But if that's true, it means...
I don't like
the sound of your voice.
I mean we're still
gonna be okay, right?
Hey. Who cares
if he's stronger.
We've got Trunks and Goten,
and they can fuse now.
Goku told us
that would be enough!
He said nothing beats Fusion!
[DENDE]
Hm.
[PICCOLO]
I hope he's right.
That energy. It's like Buu
but it's changed.
What's happening?
I'm... not sure.
[chuckles]
[laughing]
Um. Elder Kai?
There's no chance you could
speed up this little
powering-up ceremony, is there?
I hate sounding ungrateful,
but at this rate
the world I need to save
won't be around
when you're through!
You really need to learn
not to worry so much.
I'm working fast as I can.
[laughing]
Somehow, I find that
hard to believe.
[laughing]
[SMITTY groans]
[gasps]
[SMITTY]
Oh crap!
Die!
[gasps]
[laughs]
[screams]
[SMITTY yells]
[MR. SATAN, BEE scream]
[SUPER BUU]
Hmmm.
[MR. SATAN, BEE]
Eeek!
[screams]
He ran off!
Full retreat! That's right!
I must've scared him good!
He took one look
at my bulging biceps
and flew off like a chicken!
I knew he would!
I knew it the whole time!
[chuckles]
Well it's no surprise!
I mean we're talking about me;
the strongest fighter
in the whole world!
Not even Majin Buu
would wanna try his luck
against this bold
and burly fighting machine!
[laughing]
A-heh--
Uh. Did you... hear all that?
[BOTH whimper]
Mr. Satan.
We're... okay. Buu let us go.
Whatever kinda horror
show he's turned into,
he still remembers
who we are Bee.
[SUPER BUU growls]
[screams]
It all seems hopeless.
What chance does Earth have
if Majin Buu's even tougher now?
We just have to stay
the course and make sure
those boys are
as strong as possible.
Their chances against Buu
may be dwindling now,
but they're all we've got.
We'll resume
their training as soon as
they've had
enough rest to bear it.
Aah.
[gasps]
--[KRILLIN] What now?
--We've been spotted.
He's found the Lookout
and he's on his way!
[ALL gasp]
[SUPER BUU laughs intensely]
This is bad!
This transformation must
have changed his awareness.
He can sense our energy now!
[ALL gasp]
[chuckles]
[SUPER BUU laughing]
[continues laughing]
If I had to choose,
I'd pick... fat Buu.
He's... He's like
a whole new creature!
No more hiding.
I've found you.
[PICCOLO]
He'll kill us all!
So much power!
[neck cracks]
Produce.
Produce!
[PICCOLO] Produce what?
What are you saying?
We don't understand
what you want.
--[SUPER BUU grunts]
--[neck cracks]
[SUPER BUU]
I was promised a good fight.
Produce the challengers.
I will enjoy killing them.
I sense great power in
this place. Like nowhere else.
[growls]
They must be here.
Oh. That's fun.
Now he's scarier
and he can
track us down as well.
Can't we get good news?
[BULMA]
What was all that shouting?
[CHICHI] You better not
be here to make trouble!
[gasps]
Who is that?
Please not another bad guy.
[neck cracks]
You must produce
the true challengers.
[neck cracks]
The one whose hair grew
and turned gold
made a promise they would come.
All those guys
that you're looking for--
they'll show themselves
in three--no, in two days.
But until then, I need you
to lay off the destruction.
No more killing
innocent people, okay?
[BUU]
They be more strong like you?
Just two days.
That's all I'm asking.
Can you give me that?
[BOTH snoring]
[chuckles]
--Produce.
--Wait, hear me out!
Two of them are here, Buu--
you're right.
But, they can't fight;
they're sleeping.
Then you go wake them up.
[PICCOLO]
No. You don't understand;
they're not ready to fight yet,
they need to sleep
to recover. It's true!
[SUPER BUU]
Mmm.
Buu. Please! Think about it!
If you fight them now
they won't be at full strength,
and you won't have
the challenge you want!
[SUPER BUU]
Hmmmm.
[neck cracks]
No, I cannot do this.
I hate waiting. No good!
But the promise was for
two days, isn't that right?
We still have one day left!
--My mind changed.
--[neck cracks]
--Thinking differently now.
Produce!
So that's Buu. He wants
to fight Trunks and Goten--
that's why he's here.
Like hell he's fighting my son!
My family's been through enough!
I'll drive him off!
No one messes with my boy!
Stop it, Chichi,
you'll just get yourself killed!
You know what kind of monster
he is. It's no use!
[CHICHI]
Let go of me, Dad. Let me go!
I have to protect
my family! Get off!
He's already taken one son!
I won't let him take Goten, too!
[neck cracks]
You produce them, no delay!
[PICCOLO] No. If they fight now
they won't stand a chance.
I have to buy time--at any cost!
Produce--last warning.
Please! Just give us
more time!
I won't ask for a full day
but give us something!
You're bored, right?
But weren't you planning
to kill everyone on Earth--
weren't you doing that for fun?
[SUPER BUU]
Hm?!
Well, there are still
quite a few humans down there
you haven't killed yet.
You can wipe them all out
while you wait.
--[KRILLIN] Eeh!
--[DENDE] What? Piccolo, no!
[PICCOLO] Forgive me,
but we can bring you all back
with the Dragon Balls.
I promise we will.
Heh.
Uh, what's he doing?
[PICCOLO] That's it!
He's using the Lookout to find
the rest of the survivors.
He's going to fly down
and kill them all, one by one.
Well, it's our only play.
At least it buys us
a little bit of time.
What's the guy doing,
a victory lap?
He's acting like
he owns the place.
[PICCOLO] Krillin. Wake up
Trunks and Goten.
Take them into the
Hyperbolic Time Chamber.
They'll keep training in there.
Now's the time to use it.
We have to maximize every minute
this distraction gives us.
Why? It's been enough time--
can't they fuse now?
Can't you sense his power?
He's far too strong.
I don't care
how perfectly they fuse,
there's no way they can
beat this new version of Buu.
Give the boys this message:
"Unless they want to die as
children and let the world end,
they better train as hard
as they can in that chamber."
Go.
[KRILLIN]
Okay.
[NARRATOR] Majin Buu
has changed into a new form;
a manifestation of hatred
and his darkest impulses.
And he has found
the Lookout at last.
Gohan's training
remains incomplete,
while Goku and the Kais
can only wait.
The boys must push Fusion
to a new level,
or every life on Earth
will be lost.
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai.
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
And this is making me sick!
The boys don't have a chance
of beating Buu's new form!
[SUPER BUU]
I've killed them all!
Now produce the challengers
or you die as well.
[PICCOLO] If we had one more
hour it might be enough!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Can they really
get Majin Buu to wait?
He's not exactly patient.